
Charles Mowbray
Section F
Jank Invaders   
(SpaceInvaders)
PROBLEM DESCRIPTION: 
	My project is to create a semi working space invaders in SFML. The program will have one level with a set amount of enemies and a character for the player to control. 
The player will be able to shoot down alien space ships 
which will be shooting back. The player will have one life and when the player shoots down all the spaceships they win.
 If the player is hit before they’ve defeated the last spaceship then they lose and can restart.

PROGRAM DOCUMENTATION: 
	If I had more time on my project there are a lot of things that I would change about the program. First when the aliens timer
to shoot reaches 3 seconds the number of aliens who shoot varies drastically. Even in micro or milliseconds the program refreshes
incredibly fast and will shoot multiple projectiles. I would look into creating a system which doubles for the players ability to
shoot as well. Once the first alien shoots then I would put a cool down before the next alien can shoot like 1 second or 0.5 seconds
that way it doesn’t interfere with the original 3 second timer. I would also use this cooldown on the players ability to shoot. Right
now if the player holds down the spacebar he just fires a laser at the enemies. I would also want to animate and add more of the different
invaders along with the animations for those invaders. Also a note is that the players controls are right and left arrows along with the spacebar to shoot.
I would also make it so that only aliens who are alive can shoot but right now it adds some fun to the mix. 

TESTS:
	Since it's an interactable game there aren’t really specific test cases you can put in. Just use the spacebar and arrow keys and mash
away to your heart's content. I also included a timer to record how long you played for in that one specific run and keeps that time for the next run.  

REFLECTIONS:
	I hadn’t worked much at all with the C++ classes so I struggled mostly with getting a handle on the syntax. But once I understood what
was going on I breezed through the rest of the project. I also didn’t write as many clean and concise functions as I would have liked to. 
I kept most of the code in main.cpp and would like to if I did another project use better etiquette for the code. But, this code works and it's
not too terrible to read because it’s such a short program. It also took me a little while to figure out the chrono library and in another project I
would try to create a function which could set frame rate. If I had a set frame rate then it would have alleviated a lot of my issues especially early on. 
